7903347: add long name option for all single letter options and expand help on default values for various options (#83)
openjdk/jextract: README.md

#### Command line options

> The `jextract` tool includes several customization options. Users can select in which package the generated code should be emitted, and what the name of the main extracted class should be. If no package is specified, classes are generated in unnamed package. If no name is specified for the main header class, then header class name is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `jextract` tool includes several customization options. Users can select in which package the generated code should be emitted, and what the name of the main extracted class should be. If no package is specified, classes are generated in the unnamed package. If no name is specified for the main header class, then the header class name is
```

derived from the header file name. For example, if jextract is run on foo.h, then foo_h will be the name of the main header class.

A complete list of all the supported options is given below:

| Option                                                       | Meaning                                                      |
| :----------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
| `-D --define-macro <macro>=<value>`                          | define <macro> to <value> (or 1 if <value> omitted)          |
| `--header-class-name <name>`                                 | name of the generated header class. If this option is not specified, then header class name is derived from the header file name. For example, class "foo_h" for header "foo.h". |
| `-t, --target-package <package>`                             | target package name for the generated classes. If this option is not specified, then unnamed package is used.  |

> | `-I, --include-dir <dir>`                                    | add directory to the end of the list of include search paths |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `-I, --include-dir <dir>`                                    | append directory to the include search paths. Include search paths are searched in order. For example, if `-I foo -I bar` is specified, header files will be searched in "foo" first, then (if nothing is found) in "bar".|
```
